there it is JMO provincial court just
about to go in and have my hearing on my
day in court
[Music]
right so this is right these are some of
the facebook comments translated from
right this is from was blog right
translated from the wishing to side
okay
oh so this is a translation of what he
said during the video okay all right
great so this is how it goes into court
yeah everything cool
there's you see the witness your cell
and all sort of paper to give you the
time month to send me to you right
comfortably immediately well I mean I
understand he has this right the
paperwork has to be sent to him first
but just what I what I do understand is
why they did not send us earlier so this
is actually the parking lot at the at
the provincial courthouse
it's on the edge of towns you can see
some green clad mountains there there's
an enormous parking lot here absolutely
enormous this is the edge of the
courthouse facility or several buildings
making up this legal and bureaucratic
government complex but it is really
different from the Western world in some
subtle ways parking lot itself is no
different perhaps but over here there
are actually some vendors under these
parasols just selling bunches of
fresh-cut bananas other simple fresh
fruits by smashing so there are little
ways in which you're reminded that you
are after all in Thailand even in the
middle of a highly westernized
bureaucratic complex like this one and
and indeed you know most of the
courtroom sitting was extremely
westernized from the robe is being worn
to the high-back leather seats for the
judges on a stage quite literally at a
proscenium arch presiding over the
rubber stamps that were ringing the
groups of lawyers did that work there we
go
you still know that you're not the
tropics the people of a long day here at
the court room they can buy some fresh
bunches of bananas
this little package of fried plantains
over there me not quite sure what's on
offer